add new prop to align list (#1853)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/lists.mdx

### Item order

> For **multi-line** list items, they should be set to top aligned for easy scanning across a row.

Reviewer: Docs wording suggestion:

List supports `onOrder` property which allows the user to re-order the list by dragging items or pressing up and down controls.

Choose `Actions -> Re-Order Items` to enable drag and drop of list items and move up/down controls. While in re-ordering mode, take note of how the row content is top-aligned. For **multi-line** list items like this use case, list items should be top-aligned for easy scanning across a row.

To implement this, use the prop `defaultItemsProp` on List:

```
<List
defaultItemsProp={{align: 'start'}}
...any additional props
<List/>
```

Choose `Actions -> Re-Order Items` to enable drag and drop of list items and move up/down controls. While in re-ordering mode,
take note of how the row content is top-aligned. For **multi-line** list items like this use case, list items should be top-aligned
for easy scanning across a row.

> To implement this, use the prop `defaultItemsProp` on List:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement top-alignment for multi-line lists, use the prop `defaultItemsProp` on List:
```
